Dimitris/remove fflonk, zksync, and old risc0 and ultraplonk (#227)
zkVerify/zkVerify: README.md

## License

> zkVerify as a whole is released under the [Apache 2.0 license](LICENSE-APACHE2).

Reviewer: Please replace the whole License section with the following:

```suggestion
zkVerify is released under the following licenses:
- [GPL-3](LICENSE-GPL3) for `zkv-runtime` and `mainchain` crates.
- GPL-3 with CLASSPATH exception for `cumulus-relay-chain-inprocess-interface` and `cumulus-relay-chain-minimal-node` crates.
- [Apache 2.0](LICENSE-APACHE2) for all the other crates.
```
